com/example/uhf/view/UhfLocationCanvasView.java
 com.example.uhf.view.UhfLocationCanvasView
 com.example.uhf.view.UhfLocationCanvasView$1
com/example/uhf/tools/NumberTool.java
 com.example.uhf.tools.NumberTool
com/example/uhf/UhfInfo.java
 com.example.uhf.UhfInfo
com/example/uhf/adapter/ViewPagerAdapter.java
 com.example.uhf.adapter.ViewPagerAdapter
com/example/uhf/fragment/BlockWriteFragment.java
 com.example.uhf.fragment.BlockWriteFragment
 com.example.uhf.fragment.BlockWriteFragment$1
 com.example.uhf.fragment.BlockWriteFragment$2
com/example/uhf/widget/LazyViewPager.java
 com.example.uhf.widget.LazyViewPager
 com.example.uhf.widget.LazyViewPager$1
 com.example.uhf.widget.LazyViewPager$2
 com.example.uhf.widget.LazyViewPager$ItemInfo
 com.example.uhf.widget.LazyViewPager$OnPageChangeListener
 com.example.uhf.widget.LazyViewPager$PagerObserver
 com.example.uhf.widget.LazyViewPager$SavedState
 com.example.uhf.widget.LazyViewPager$SavedState$1
 com.example.uhf.widget.LazyViewPager$SimpleOnPageChangeListener
com/example/uhf/filebrowser/IconifiedTextListAdapter.java
 com.example.uhf.filebrowser.IconifiedTextListAdapter
com/example/uhf/fragment/UHFSetFragment.java
 com.example.uhf.fragment.UHFSetFragment
 com.example.uhf.fragment.UHFSetFragment$1
 com.example.uhf.fragment.UHFSetFragment$2
 com.example.uhf.fragment.UHFSetFragment$3
 com.example.uhf.fragment.UHFSetFragment$GetFreOnclickListener
 com.example.uhf.fragment.UHFSetFragment$MyOnTouchListener
 com.example.uhf.fragment.UHFSetFragment$OnMyCheckedChangedListener
 com.example.uhf.fragment.UHFSetFragment$SetFreOnclickListener
com/example/uhf/filebrowser/IconifiedText.java
 com.example.uhf.filebrowser.IconifiedText
com/example/uhf/fragment/UHFLocationFragment.java
 com.example.uhf.fragment.UHFLocationFragment
 com.example.uhf.fragment.UHFLocationFragment$1
 com.example.uhf.fragment.UHFLocationFragment$2
 com.example.uhf.fragment.UHFLocationFragment$3
 com.example.uhf.fragment.UHFLocationFragment$4
com/example/uhf/activity/BaseTabFragmentActivity.java
 com.example.uhf.activity.BaseTabFragmentActivity
 com.example.uhf.activity.BaseTabFragmentActivity$InitTask
com/example/uhf/fragment/UHFKillFragment.java
 com.example.uhf.fragment.UHFKillFragment
 com.example.uhf.fragment.UHFKillFragment$1
 com.example.uhf.fragment.UHFKillFragment$CustomTextWatcher
 com.example.uhf.fragment.UHFKillFragment$btnKillOnClickListener
com/example/uhf/fragment/UHFLoginFragment.java
 com.example.uhf.fragment.UHFLoginFragment
 com.example.uhf.fragment.UHFLoginFragment$1
 com.example.uhf.fragment.UHFLoginFragment$2
 com.example.uhf.fragment.UHFLoginFragment$3
 com.example.uhf.fragment.UHFLoginFragment$4
 com.example.uhf.fragment.UHFLoginFragment$BtClearClickListener
 com.example.uhf.fragment.UHFLoginFragment$BtInventoryClickListener
 com.example.uhf.fragment.UHFLoginFragment$MyAdapter
 com.example.uhf.fragment.UHFLoginFragment$TagThread
 com.example.uhf.fragment.UHFLoginFragment$ViewHolder
com/example/uhf/widget/NoScrollViewPager.java
 com.example.uhf.widget.NoScrollViewPager
com/example/uhf/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.uhf.BuildConfig
com/example/uhf/filebrowser/FileManagerActivity.java
 com.example.uhf.filebrowser.FileManagerActivity
 com.example.uhf.filebrowser.FileManagerActivity$1
 com.example.uhf.filebrowser.FileManagerActivity$2
com/example/uhf/ErrorCodeManage.java
 com.example.uhf.ErrorCodeManage
com/example/uhf/fragment/KeyDwonFragment.java
 com.example.uhf.fragment.KeyDwonFragment
com/example/uhf/filebrowser/IconifiedTextView.java
 com.example.uhf.filebrowser.IconifiedTextView
com/example/uhf/fragment/UHFLockFragment.java
 com.example.uhf.fragment.UHFLockFragment
 com.example.uhf.fragment.UHFLockFragment$1
 com.example.uhf.fragment.UHFLockFragment$2
 com.example.uhf.fragment.UHFLockFragment$3
 com.example.uhf.fragment.UHFLockFragment$4
 com.example.uhf.fragment.UHFLockFragment$5
 com.example.uhf.fragment.UHFLockFragment$5$1
 com.example.uhf.fragment.UHFLockFragment$5$2
 com.example.uhf.fragment.UHFLockFragment$btnLockOnClickListener
com/example/uhf/tools/StringUtils.java
 com.example.uhf.tools.StringUtils
com/example/uhf/activity/UHFMainActivity.java
 com.example.uhf.activity.UHFMainActivity
com/example/uhf/fragment/UHFReadFragment.java
 com.example.uhf.fragment.UHFReadFragment
 com.example.uhf.fragment.UHFReadFragment$1
 com.example.uhf.fragment.UHFReadFragment$2
com/example/uhf/tools/UIHelper.java
 com.example.uhf.tools.UIHelper
 com.example.uhf.tools.UIHelper$1
 com.example.uhf.tools.UIHelper$2
com/example/uhf/filebrowser/IResultData.java
 com.example.uhf.filebrowser.IResultData
com/example/uhf/fragment/UHFReadRFIDFragment.java
 com.example.uhf.fragment.UHFReadRFIDFragment
 com.example.uhf.fragment.UHFReadRFIDFragment$1
 com.example.uhf.fragment.UHFReadRFIDFragment$2
 com.example.uhf.fragment.UHFReadRFIDFragment$3
 com.example.uhf.fragment.UHFReadRFIDFragment$BtClearClickListener
 com.example.uhf.fragment.UHFReadRFIDFragment$BtInventoryClickListener
 com.example.uhf.fragment.UHFReadRFIDFragment$MyAdapter
 com.example.uhf.fragment.UHFReadRFIDFragment$TagThread
 com.example.uhf.fragment.UHFReadRFIDFragment$ViewHolder
com/example/uhf/fragment/UHFUpgradeFragment.java
 com.example.uhf.fragment.UHFUpgradeFragment
 com.example.uhf.fragment.UHFUpgradeFragment$1
 com.example.uhf.fragment.UHFUpgradeFragment$2
 com.example.uhf.fragment.UHFUpgradeFragment$GetPathBroadcastReceiver
 com.example.uhf.fragment.UHFUpgradeFragment$UpgradeTask
com/example/uhf/fragment/UHFWriteFragment.java
 com.example.uhf.fragment.UHFWriteFragment
 com.example.uhf.fragment.UHFWriteFragment$1
 com.example.uhf.fragment.UHFWriteFragment$2
com/example/uhf/fragment/BlockPermalockFragment.java
 com.example.uhf.fragment.BlockPermalockFragment
 com.example.uhf.fragment.BlockPermalockFragment$1
com/example/uhf/fragment/UHFReadTagFragment.java
 com.example.uhf.fragment.UHFReadTagFragment
 com.example.uhf.fragment.UHFReadTagFragment$1
 com.example.uhf.fragment.UHFReadTagFragment$2
 com.example.uhf.fragment.UHFReadTagFragment$3
 com.example.uhf.fragment.UHFReadTagFragment$4
 com.example.uhf.fragment.UHFReadTagFragment$5
 com.example.uhf.fragment.UHFReadTagFragment$6
 com.example.uhf.fragment.UHFReadTagFragment$7
 com.example.uhf.fragment.UHFReadTagFragment$8
 com.example.uhf.fragment.UHFReadTagFragment$BtClearClickListener
 com.example.uhf.fragment.UHFReadTagFragment$BtInventoryClickListener
 com.example.uhf.fragment.UHFReadTagFragment$MyAdapter
 com.example.uhf.fragment.UHFReadTagFragment$RgInventoryCheckedListener
 com.example.uhf.fragment.UHFReadTagFragment$TagThread
 com.example.uhf.fragment.UHFReadTagFragment$ViewHolder
com/example/uhf/BootBroadcastReceiver.java
 com.example.uhf.BootBroadcastReceiver
